Update configure-ha-cluster-azure-monitor-sap-solutions.md (#104186)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/workloads/sap/configure-ha-cluster-azure-monitor-sap-solutions.md

1. Data will then be collected by PCP on the system. You can export the data using `pmproxy` at `http://<SERVER-NAME-OR-IP-ADDRESS>:44322/metrics?names=ha_cluster`. Replace `<SERVER-NAME-OR-IP-ADDRESS>` with your server name or IP address.

## Prerequisites to enable secure communication 

> To [enable TLS 1.2 or higher](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/workloads/sap/enable-tls-azure-monitor-sap-solutions), follow the steps [mentioned here](https://github.com/ClusterLabs/ha_cluster_exporter#tls-and-basic-authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [enable TLS 1.2 or higher](enable-tls-azure-monitor-sap-solutions.md), follow the steps [mentioned here](https://github.com/ClusterLabs/ha_cluster_exporter#tls-and-basic-authentication)
```
fixing link
